
1. Highest no.of matches in a Season
2. Lowest no.of matches in a Season
3. Matches abandoned
	without bowling a ball
	with only 1 innings (complete)
	in 1st innings (partial)
	in 2nd innings (partial)
4. Total
	Balls
	Runs
	Wickets
	Extras

5. Extra Over matches


Team records | Batting records | Bowling records | Wicketkeeping records | Fielding records | Partnership records | Individual records (captains, players, umpires)


6. Team records
Series results
List of match results (by season)
Result summary
Highest totals
Lowest totals
Highest match aggregates
Lowest match aggregates
Largest victories
Smallest victories (including tied matches)
Most extras in an innings

7. Batting records
Most runs
High scores
Highest averages
Highest strike rates
Most fifties (and over)
Most ducks
Most sixes
Most sixes in an innings
Most runs from fours and sixes in an innings
Highest strike rates in an innings
List of hundreds
Most runs in a series

8. Bowling records
Most wickets
Best bowling figures in an innings
Best averages
Best economy rates
Best strike rates
Most four-wickets-in-an-innings (and over)
Most five-wickets-in-an-innings
Best economy rates in an innings
Best strike rates in an innings
Most runs conceded in an innings
List of four-wickets-in-an-innings (and over)
List of five-wickets-in-an-innings
Most wickets in a series

9. Wicketkeeping records
Most dismissals
Most dismissals in an innings
Most dismissals in a series

10. Fielding records
Most catches
Most catches in an innings
Most catches in a series
Most fielded

11. Partnership records
Highest partnerships by wicket
Highest partnerships by runs
List of hundred partnerships

12. Individual records (captains, players, umpires)
Most matches
Most matches as captain
Most matches as an umpire


Teams scored maximum in Powerplay
Teams scored minimum in Powerplay


How many matches we’ve got in the dataset?
How many seasons we’ve got in the dataset?
Which Team had won by maximum runs?
Which Team had won by maximum wicket?
Which Team had won by closest Margin (minimum runs)?
Which Team had won by minimum wicket?
Which Season had most number of matches?
Which IPL Team is more successful?
Has Toss-winning helped in winning matches?



https://www.kaggle.com/vamsikrishna/exploratory-data-analysis-of-ipl-data#Number-of-matches-played-in-different-cities
Exploratory Data Analysis Of IPL Data
Closeness Of The Matches When The Team Batting First Wins
Number Of Matches Played In Different Cities
Number Of Matches Played In Different Stadiums
Is Winning The Toss Really An Advantage?
Is Home Advantage A Real Thing In IPL?
Number Of Matches Played By Each Team
Number Of Matches Won By Each Teams
Win Percentage Of Each Team In IPL
Margin Of Victories In IPL
Top Batsmen
Best Seat In The House => Non-Striker's End!
Top Bowlers
Total Runs Scored In Each Delivery Of The Over
Average Number Of Runs Scored In Each Delivery Of The Over
Total Number Of Runs Scored In Each Over Of The Innings
Average Number Of Runs Scored In Each Over Of The Innings
Total Number Of Wickets In Each Over Of The Innings
Batsmen With Top Strike Rate
Comparing The All Time Top Run Getters In IPL
Innings Progression


https://medium.com/code-heroku/indian-premier-league-analysis-c939e755e45b
Most dismissals by a Wicket Keeper
Toss Call for a given Venue
Number of wickets taken by a bowler
Highest and lowest runs in IPL History
Average runs in all IPL seasons


https://www.kaggle.com/manishhh2108/ipl-dataset-analysis#Analysis-of-matches

https://www.kaggle.com/josephgpinto/ipl-data-analysis


https://www.kaggle.com/vamsikrishna/exploratory-data-analysis-of-ipl-data/notebook#Exploratory-data-analysis-of-IPL-data
Margin of victories in IPL
- By Bowling First
- By Batting First


My Thoughts
-----------
Your score is better than 99% of CRED users;
Player X score better than Y% of other Players (Batsman or Bowler)
Dream Team with IPL Players
Most Successful Captain
Win Percentage of Teams who won TOSS
Win Percentage of Teams who won TOSS and choose BATTING first
Win Percentage of Teams who won TOSS and choose BATTING first
Win Percentage of Teams who lost TOSS
Win Percentage of Teams who lost TOSS and choose BATTING first
Win Percentage of Teams who lost TOSS and choose BOWLING first
Team that played FINAL matches mostly as a Winner or Runner up
